l                      lexgrog                login                  lsns                   lvremove
la                     libnetcfg              loginctl               lsof                   lvrename
landscape-sysinfo      link                   logname                lspci                  lvresize
last                   linux-boot-prober      logout                 lspgpot                lvs
lastb                  linux-check-removal    logrotate              lspower                lvscan
lastlog                linux-update-symlinks  logsave                lto-dump               lxc
lcf                    linux-version          look                   lto-dump-13            lxd
ld                     linux32                losetup                luksformat             lz4
ld.bfd                 linux64                lowntfs-3g             lvchange               lz4c
ld.gold                ll                     ls                     lvconvert              lz4cat
ld.so                  ln                     lsattr                 lvcreate               lzcat
ldattach               lnstat                 lsb_release            lvdisplay              lzcmp
ldconfig               loadkeys               lsblk                  lvextend               lzdiff
ldconfig.real          loadunimap             lscpu                  lvm                    lzegrep
ldd                    local                  lshw                   lvmconfig              lzfgrep
less                   locale                 lsinitramfs            lvmdiskscan            lzgrep
lessecho               locale-check           lsipc                  lvmdump                lzless
lessfile               locale-gen             lslocks                lvmpolld               lzma
lesskey                localectl              lslogins               lvmsadc                lzmadec
lesspipe               localedef              lsmem                  lvmsar                 lzmainfo
let                    logger                 lsmod                  lvreduce               lzmore


